1. Read Chapter 3

2. Program an Account class (20 points)

WORK IN THIS GIT REPOSITORY: https://classroom.github.com/a/_hdms64c

This class keeps track of everything going on with a bank account including the type of account; current balance, and account ID.

Instance Fields in the Class
int balance - current dollar amount in account
String name - name of account, like "Doug's Savings Account"
String type - type of account: Checking, Savings, etc.

You should write a Constructor to create the account
Account(String type, String name, int amount) - when this is called it sets the instance variables to the type, name, and amount passed to the Constructor

Instance Methods
void credit(int amount) - adds the amount passed to the account balance; nothing is returned
boolean debit(int amount) - if subtracting the amount from the current account balance will give a negative number, then do nothing AND return false; otherwise deduct amount from account balance and return true.
int getBalance() - returns current account balance

Static method
public static void main(java.lang.String[] args)
This is used for testing the Account class by itself Create two accounts and then call for each Account each of the methods credit, debit, getBalance - printing out the Account information and the results after each step.

Make sure that you add javadoc comments for the class and for each Method

3. To Submit

Take a screenshot of the first page of the Account javadoc and save it as Account.pdf.
Take a screenshot of your console when you run the program and save it as AccountOutput.pdf
Add Account.pdf, AccountOutput.pdf, and Account.java to git and then Commit and push to Github.


Grading Criteria
Out of 20 total points:
* 3 its for setting up the 3 instance variables
* 3 pts for each of the instance methods (9 points total)
* 4 pts JavaDoc generated
* 4 pts for the Main method and the output

IMPORTANT: After you have pushed to github, please submit on Canvas a statement that you have made your commit (This is how we’ll know it’s done!) INCLUDE YOUR github user name in that statement.
